hello friends how are you I hope that very
Well, welcome to a new trivia
from chilenito tv it's about 5
questions which you should answer
each correct answer equals 3
points at the end of the video you can
put your score in the comments on
Today's trivia theme is
the rock
number 1 which of these alternatives does not
it was a source for musical origin
of alternative rock the escape
alternative to me the jazz alternatives and
country music
the correct alternative was the letter the
ska number 2 in which decade rock is born
alternative in the 50s
alternative sees in the 60's
alternatives and in the 30s
the correct alternative was the letter in
the decade of the 50 in a 0-3 who was
the one that popularized rock on a large scale
alternative elvis presley alternative of
the rolling stones alternative c bob
dylan
ah
the correct alternative was the letter
elvis presley number 4 who revolutionized
the way of playing guitar in the years
60 alternate alternative rigor
love or alternatives and jimi hendrix
here
the correct alternative was the
alternative ce jimi hendrix number 5
band in Spanish most representative of
80's years
alternative phobia alternative vi soda
stereo alternatives and heroes of the
silence
ah
the correct alternative was the letter be
Soda Stereo has been the trivia today
Now you can put your score in the
comments remember that each response
correct equals three points if
you want to be aware of new three
lives, I invite you to subscribe if you have
liked this video do not forget to leave
Manito up and share it in your networks
I invite you to follow me
twitter account is chilenito tv and
I also like you on my page
facebook that is chilenito tv where
You can leave your regards and we can
interact a greeting for natalie
sandoval that is always there
especially on twitter a super hug
great for you and natalie greet also
to patricio angel enríquez to simón elías
san martín someone who was always
present alexander javier greetings
also angelo from the babalú channel to a
greeting to the benja span a chad this a
romantic greeting to such bull food
greets Gabriela Farías and says that the
loves very much how beautiful how beautiful that
do also through this means
So Gabriela, I think they will be
a few dots there the tie a greeting and
a hug for rodrigo gómez
it is a greeting and a hug also for
carlos pastel navarro a greeting and a
very big hug also for the value
and greetings also to the johnny
núñez for alfonso sánchez ormeño and for
Esteban Díaz Aranda who greets 10
bobbin those are the greetings that they left
for this video through facebook and
through twitter
a super big hug and the most
important be happy
hello friends how are you I hope that very
well today we are nervous and we are going to
fly for the first time I never owe the
stake neither
and the truth is that everything is flying
first here I'm a co-pilot but I'm not
I think touching nothing
good quiet